# Encryptor-Tool
Conceals text messages

One thing that always bothers me about the way that cryptography is usually talked about is that there's discussion of basic text ciphers that are relatively easy to crack and then very mathematical, theoretical discussion of things like one-time pads, but no in between. I was interested in coming up with some sort of cipher that would be geniunely difficult to crack but could be used for natural language applications like a diary or text messages (since I don't usually text in binary). The goal is that someone with the cyphertext, key, and script could decipher the plaintext, but any two would not suffice.

I started out with the Vigenere Cipher as inspiration, but I wanted to put more computational force behind it. Firsly I used the key to generate a random seed for the letter matrix rather than just doing it alphabetically, to ensure that anyone trying to decode my encryption would hopefully have to have the script or know the python random algorithms. Then I used the key to generate a stack of keys whose height is dependent on the original key. I finally ran a Vigenere-style encryption iteratively using the entire key stack, with additional order reversals to improve spacing. The idea behind this process was to create a chaotic system (in the sense of high final dependence on small changes to the initial conditions). The result is a string of gibberish that can be easily deciphered using the key, but could have been generated by a stack of indeterminate height, with each level implying a different plaintext. The key length also changes which hopefully makes outputs robust to frequency analysis.

